Add Security Agent flare creation steps (#22779)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security/cloud_security_management/setup/fargate.md

            ],
{{< /code-block >}}

## Next steps

> If you are still running into an issue, please [open a ticket][10] to Support with a `security-agent` flare attached to the latter.

Reviewer: Hi @tiphainePLQ , is this more of what you meant?

```suggestion
If you still have issues with the configuration, please [contact Datadog support][10] for help and attach the `security-agent` flare to the ticket.
```

> Find below the step to create a `security-agent` flare according to your deployment:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the appropriate command below to create a `security-agent` flare based on your deployment:
```

[7]: /resources/json/datadog-agent-cws-ecs-fargate.json
[8]: /integrations/faq/integration-setup-ecs-fargate/?tab=rediswebui
[9]: https://app.datadoghq.com/logs

> [10]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/help/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[10]: /help/
```

> [11]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/troubleshooting/send_a_flare/?tab=agentv6v7#ecs-fargate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[11]: /agent/troubleshooting/send_a_flare/?tab=agentv6v7#ecs-fargate
```
